Cold email is one of the most effective channels you can use for your startup when you're trying to get your initial customers. And the reason for that is because it's transactional. It makes an impact tomorrow, not an impact 3 months from now. But the challenge with cold email is that it is a bloody ocean. And what I mean by that is that it's changing so rapidly. It's like handtohand combat with deliverability, with what is working currently, with the content that you're sending for cold email, etc. run. So the challenge is how do you stay up to date on what's working and modify your process to make sure that cold email is actually making an impact for you. So every once in a while on this show I like to have on one of the friends of the show, Nick Abraham. He's the founder of a cold email agency called Lead Bird. They send a million plus cold emails per month and have 400 plus clients. And basically what I just do is download everything that he's seeing work from the front line so that I can implement it in the companies that I'm running. And in this episode you're going to learn about all the Apollo changes that happened recently. Apollo is a data provider and they recently changed their UI which completely disallowed the scraping techniques that people were using previously used to be able to buy these emails for super cheap from resellers. He talks about that the options that you have for other data providers based off these changes. And then he also shares the infrastructure that they're seeing work right now which is a combination of Microsoft inboxes, Google inboxes and then an SMTP sender something like a mail reef. He uses a combination of all three to create backups. and we go into the tactical details on how you need to structure these accounts so that you don't get spam trapped by these organizations, by Google, by Microsoft, etc. And then the last two things that I found fascinating from this conversation is Nick's views on the use of AI within the emails. There's all these gurus right now that are talking about how you need to write these complex emails based on AI by consuming the LinkedIn posts of the person that you're reaching out to. It basically negates that and instead gives really practical examples of how AI can be used more effectively by asking by for example asking about a restaurant that's in that local geography of that person that you used AI to go scrape from Google. And the other thing that he talks about that again finds fascinating is the use of cold calling leads immediately after they sign up and how he wishes there was a way to scale this because of how much more effectively they could close individuals when they layered this on top of the cold email. And with that said, this episode is brought to you by talentfiber.com. Talentfiber helps you hire the best offshore talent for whatever roles you're hiring for. They've helped place over 300 plus people globally in roles like software developers, video editors, and AI automation specialists who come in and automate your entire business. These are full-time roles that you're hiring for. They function as a team member, but they're at a third of the cost of what you would pay in the US. And what makes Talon Fiber different than other companies is they're not a head hunting agency. They're a full-fledged outsource HR department. So, they handle employee happiness. They handle payroll. They handle compliance. And because of this, they can also get the best talent because they offer the equivalent of a 401k or health insurance. It's like a magnet for the best talent because they want those things in the country that they're located and they can't get those as a freelancer that's being paid as a contract employee. I've used them to hire staff from my team and they are incredible. Also, friends that run other startups have hired some of the best engineers that they've ever hired. Their words, not mine. So, go to talentfiber.com to learn more. Let's get started with today's show, Nick. What's good? What's good? I'm happy to be back, dude. We're I'm so stoked, man. I feel like it's chaos. It's blood. It's been blood in the water for the last two years in Cold Email, but I feel like in the last week, it's even be worse. um we're having you back to give us uh a state of the union of what's going on and how to protect yourself during these turbulent times. But anyway, um man, just we'll just dive right into it. What is going on with Apollo? What is happening and why? Like I don't I know you got some sauce there. I don't know how much you can talk about, but yeah, so yeah, we I mean you know, we obviously had been pulling data from Apollo for a while now. Uh we have an official license and then uh what you could say is an unofficial license, so we kind of see what's happening in the back doors. Funny enough, on Friday, so today's what? Today's March 10th. So on the 7th, their entire LinkedIn page got shut down. Same with Seamless. Doesn't mean that they want to have access to LinkedIn, but basically they're just making a ton of changes. So they changed their entire email enrichment API and you know, if you've been using any of these like Apollo scrapers, they used to basically give basically how the entire like play worked was everyone would sign up on their Pog model, which would give you 10,000 emails per month on a free account. And then a lot of people would basically use their API to scrape the data and then enrich it through these free Apollo accounts. And what they basically did is they finally figured out, oh wait, this is why we don't have as many paying customers. It's because everyone's just using these scrapers. And so then they just cut down the limits of these 10,000 or 10 Yeah. 10,000 emails per month accounts to 100. So all these guys that are providing this scrape data, they just they literally just got nerfed on their their overall volume that they could provide and overall volume that they could scrape. And so that's what happened with Apollo. Um so it's going to be interesting to see. So that that actually officially happens on the 15th. So we have about five more days until they pull the plug on it. And then you know I'm sure someone's going to find a way to scrape the data regardless. Um but the easy way of scraping data is for sure out of the picture going forward. 100%. What so what are you guys doing kind of as a way to mitigate risk like new data providers or how are you kind of approaching me? I know you have an official license but I imagine you're pulling from a bunch of different you know different locations and and that's been like the biggest learning curve for us at Weber, right? I mean we manage almost about to hit 200 clients at our agency. Like we send a ton of emails. We have to have a ton of different providers, a ton of different things to just stabilize the entire agency. And so for me, like the entire last four months have been just like stabilization across every single area of the business, which is lead scraping, email accounts, and everything of that sort. We're never going to have just one vendor. And I that's what I recommend for anyone that's in this cold email space is like you can't just be on one vendor. Like that's literally the most risk that you could have if you run a cold email agency. And so, you know, we have our official license with Apollo. We pay over 60K 60K a year to get I think like 500k credits a month, something like that. Um, and then what we're going to start doing is sort of leveraging other databases. Uh, so like list kit's a good option that I find as well. Um, shout out to the boy Daniel. Um, but yeah, Liskit's going to be list one of the other databases that we use on the back end. And then I think like everyone's going to go back to doing what they originally did before that wasn't Apollo, which was scraping sales navigator and then enriching it through like all these different email enrichment tools to get the final email. And then I think what's gonna happen now as well is Clay is gonna have such a huge opportunity to start entering this data space versus just providing a lot of in integrations and enrichments and things of that sort. Fascinating. So So you feel like Clay is kind of positioned to ride ride this this like turbulence like most effectively? Oh yeah, 100%. And same thing with this kid. Like I was literally on the phone with Daniel last week and he's like, "Dude, this is probably the greatest thing that could have happened to us." And I'm like, "Yeah, no, it literally is. I love it, man. Yeah. So, it's going to be interesting to see what happens, but you know, I still feel like someone's going to find a way to scrape the data. It's just it's they're just going to have to increase their prices because they're just not going to be able to do it for as cheap and as easy as they could as it was previously. Yeah. To give people context, like you could go and buy like 50,000 emails for like 200 bucks was like a, you know, kind of the the market rate that is going away. That is evaporating for everybody. So, you know, if you're uh I I know there's all these cold email strategies and like also like email newsletter uh uh list building strategies that are built on the top of this and basically going to have to figure out ways around it. So, I have a grandfathered in accounts on like praying they don't [ __ ] with it. You know, you know what's funny? That's what I was thinking too, but we went into those grandfathered accounts and we hit the chat support and it's they're hitting those accounts as well. I believe it, man. Yeah, I think they realize everything that's happening. But um for the uninitiated, okay, so you went you scraped LinkedIn uh leads navigator. Um you found those. What what data enrichment tools or do you do you feel like are kind of the best on the market right now and should be what people are checking out? So I think like the best thing to do when it comes to data right now is you have to do a waterfall. Um and so you want to waterfall, you know, anywhere really as many providers as you possibly can. And that just increases the amount of emails that you'll find. So when you scrape sales navigator, usually you don't ever get an email, but you do have everything from website, profile, LinkedIn, URL, first name, last name, and that's what most data sources need to be able to actually do the enrichment. My favorite one by far right now is Lead Magic. They have the highest enrichment percentage that we've seen. And then I think Find is a close second. And then there's a whole bunch of other ones like Prospio, ICPS. Um, and and there's more that pop up every day, but I think Lead Magic for the price gets the most amount of emails uh that that we've seen for the most part. Amazing. Some we've been experimenting with is uh Have you heard of Sales QL? That's kind of sketchy, but yeah, Sales Q is it was the old old one. I Dude, I have like tweets from it from like way back in the day. I love it. Um, we've been going back to it and just getting like burner LinkedIn accounts through like resellers and then just basically doing polls with that and it's like if it gets blocked whatever we still like we'll do, you know, get something out of it. Um, we've also just gone back to the old, you know, some of our clients like it's just like go scrape like business URLs, use everything that we can to find any email associated with it, especially on the email newsletter side from our, you know, what we do in the building. But, okay, so that that was Go ahead. Sorry. Yeah, I was going to say another thing you could do on uh like if you're targeting like companies that have like one in 20 in headcount, like another thing that you could do that's super easy is like instead of paying for these email enrichment tools, like you could just do permutations to figure out who is the founder there or who is that person. So like like for example, if I pull LinkedIn scrape every every employee that works at the company, use Hunter.io to find their name structure and then just do like all the firms. Yeah. Yeah. And then just bulk validate the list and you can figure out email. So it's like there's not another Cody at your company or if there is there's probably not much. Yeah. Yeah. He's out, man. He's at our office. He's in the Yeah. No, like Yeah. You know, so if if I did all the permutations of your name, I'm probably going to find your email and it's going to be you and not someone else in your company. And that that works in the SMB market pretty well. So like, you know, if you're trying to save, you know, a couple pennies here and there, like you could definitely do that. U we'll do that here and there as well. Totally. We'll see you, man. Uh last kind of topical thing and then we'll move on to uh you know the tactical stuff of what you're seeing work kind of from a um deliverability and across that board. But uh so the other thing I saw you talking about and I also just got introduced to these recently so it's funny to hear you like be like yo these panels uh these edu panels um are basically going away. Anybody using those is about to get nerfed. Can you give a high level of what these are? What is happening there? and like why you know basically what what's on the the horizon for anybody that's using these currently. Yeah. Yeah. and and all right so so basically we all know that Google and Microsoft have the best infrastructure when it comes to the the email landscape right they're going to outperform any SMTP by a mile and that's not even up for debate debate like that's that's just straight how it is right and so the thing is is that Google and Microsoft have kind of some loopholes in the system that a lot of people exploit and so they set up what are called edu panels which are like you know if you went to a or like Google and Microsoft they have programs for organizations like schools where they're not going to charge the school because it's a school, right? Same thing with like nonprofits, they won't charge the nonprofit a Google Workspace license like they would a business just because of what they're classified as. And so people will go into foreign countries, set up schools and organizations, and then apply for these, get approved, and then basically sell it to people to do whatever they want. And so a lot of cool beers buy these type of things. And and the benefit here is like you know you pay once for the panel and then you get like 300 to a,000 licenses in that panel and you got to pay monthly right and so it's like a huge cost saving you get on the email infrastructure side and so you know just to take that cost break down further so people get it. So it's like one imagine you go and you we'll just make it round numbers. Imagine you go and you buy the panel for you know one grand and you get a 100 accounts that you don't have to pay on a monthly basis for if you were you know paying $10 a month with a a traditional G Suite you know uh email like you're coming in at a grand a month that you'd basically have to have to like run all of those inboxes. So what these people are doing is they're basically, you know, getting this panel and they have a thousand inboxes, right? If because they buy one of these larger panels and they don't have to pay for that infrastructure. And so that's basically what's about to about to get taken away from them. Just to, you know, reiterate in a different way. There's like and so like some people just set it up for their own companies. They'll use it to do outbound. All cool. Um and then there's like resellers that, you know, they'll tell you they're like an official Google partner or something like that. They're not. Um, and then they'll basically I've pitched these so many times, by the way. The only the only I I know I know this random dude that was like, "Oh, I actually have a dude that like is legit." I'm like, "All right, cool. I trust you." So, I'd like by proxy, but I got inbounded so much like even just from the last episode we recorded with people reselling these, which is again just so funny. And and so like yeah, they'll basically just sell like a license on there for a discounted price. So, you're not paying Google $8. You're paying, you know, this reseller maybe like a dollar per month. Um, but the the the the thing that's like the issue that's going to happen, right? It's like this is all just a loophole. It's the same thing with the Apollo thing. It's a loophole. And these panels do get taken down here and there. I actually just got a message from a friend today where he's like, "Dude, my panel actually got shut down." Um, it was like one that he had for himself. And like all these because because what's happening right now is like a lot of these people are depending on these resellers to just get cheaper accounts. And and that's that's that's the issue, right? Like once the panel goes down, you lose everything in there, right? All the emails that you emailed, uh, like all the people you email, all the positive replies, like you're going to be stopped at outbound for like 2 weeks, 3 weeks minimum, and it's just going to cost more to get back and set up. And so it it's just a total pain in the ass. I, you know, I've had experiences where we've had like every email account go down and and it's the worst like place to be. And so I just recommend to anybody like it's totally cool to to use it now, but just have backups in place so that you're not like, you know, zero or 100, right? Totally. And so like it's like if you want to put like 30% of your like email account allocation to one of these resellers to cut down costs, totally makes sense. I totally get that. But I would not put 100% there. That just it doesn't make any sense at all. Like you're just in such a vulnerable spot. And you know what's funny, too? It's like I've seen so many competitors like these cold email agencies that are building their pricing models completely around based on this like you know these email accounts, these Apollo accounts and things of that sort and I'm like oh these guys are about to get absolutely wrecked this year you know and and it's it sucks to see but it's like that's a very bad decision to build a pricing model off of a hack you know because a hack is not going to always be around 100%. It's perfect segue. So okay, you stated you kind of defined the landscape, what's going on? So for anybody who's listening, what should they be doing right now? Talk to me about infrastructure, you know, from a deliverability standpoint, what you guys are doing internally that's that's working. Uh talk to me about Okay, we you know, email providers, you've you've already kind of defined that, so I think we're probably good there. And then I'm curious to learn like what is working for you guys. Dude, we're finding like the simplest [ __ ] I be the most effective. like literally the our our cold email right now that we're sending is like huge claim in the subject line that gets them to open and then it's like uh you know problem that everybody that we're sending to has and then here's this other company that we helped do x uh you know and y time interested in a call and then just a two email sequence but I'm I'm curious to learn what what you guys are seeing. So talk to me about infra first and then we can go into the kind of the structure of the campaigns that you're seeing be effective. Yeah. Yeah. So, and and this is the thing about info, right? And this is the thing I learned. It's like you just need to have it perfectly segmented and and separated and diversified. You just can't have it all be Microsoft or all be Google or all be an SMTP. It just leaves you in such a vulnerable spot. And I think like the entire deliverability landscape is switching up and changing so often that it it just like you know your Microsoft accounts may be doing perfectly good this week, but next week it's going to be Google. And so it's like whenever you have it set up to where you're just like and so for us like what we do is we evenly split it across Google Microsoft and then we'll have backups that are just SMTPs and then we always recommend having two sets of both the Microsoft and Google account so you're able to rotate month over month. And so that sounds complicated but it really isn't. And and if you just have a good organizational structure and know how to use the tags inside of Smart Leader instantly you're going to be set. And you know, uh what we'll do on the Google and the the Microsoft is we'll use a provider called Hypertide. The cool thing about them, shout out Omar, super good guy. Actually saved us a ton. I think I'm on their website if you guys see if you go look him up. Um but like whenever we had a whole bunch of our accounts go down this last year, you know, he had a really cool automation that basically just spun up inboxes at scale. And so it's like, you know, you just fill in a form and then you get these accounts added to your inbox. cool thing and I think the big thing when it comes to Infra is that you need to have everything separated per domain into its own tenant, right? And so what I mean by that is like like think about these these resellers, right? They have these one EDU panel and they put me, you and all these other people all in the same panel. It just puts too much risk cuz like how Microsoft is looking at is like how much volume is coming out of that one tenant, that one panel. And so everything that is isolated per the domain is just going to do better in terms of longevity and like just like less risk. And so that's what Hypertype does and that's like their value prop is that they separate everything out per domain per tenant and then they have two providers Google Microsoft and then Azur as well. Um and so that's like my number one thing that we like to do is just set up two sets of everything Google Microsoft. So we're able to rotate month on month off and then we'll use Mail Reef as our SMTP. And the only reason I have an SMTP in the background and people were always like, "Dude, that's just a total waste of money." And and it kind of is, right? Cuz like my goal is to never use the SMTP. But what happens is that Google and Microsoft don't want you cold emailing. Mail Reef, their founder, Mike, super cool guy, big guy in the cold email space. He's okay with you cold emailing. He wants you cold email. Platform exists. Exactly. And so it's like whenever Microsoft and Google shut down your account for whatever odd reason, like I like when I'm looking at running our agency, I just can't afford to have, you know, two weeks of not sending for a client, like I would rather get, you know, a 8% reply rate than get 0% reply rate cuz I can't send any outbound through an SMTP, right? Totally. And so that's kind of how I think about it. Uh you just got to have backups and you got to be able to rotate month month on month off. Um, and and that that does a majority of everything that you need to have good deliverability. And I I think like people are over complicating deliverability a little bit uh nowadays. Like you only really need to worry about deliverability if you just have a bad offer. If you're selling something that people genuinely want and you're able to build, you know, a good list and then write some simple copy, you don't have to do anything. you could go set up, you know, some SMTP or just like go ahead and buy accounts just through Google normally and land in the inbox and get great results. Like there's just there's not much to it. But yeah, I think like for the people that have like subpar offers or things that, you know, people just don't want, they got to figure out all these craziness and the all these crazy strategies to stay on stay ahead. I I think that's the biggest thing too is like that's also not your problem, which is like the piece, right? It's like I can't I don't know. This is the problem with client work in any form is like I can't make your business be wanted more by the the the audience, right? Um I I've ran paid ads, you know, for people for the last 15 years, right? Like I can tell you this just from experience like nothing is going to work if nobody wants to buy your product, right? And they're like, well, why like pay, you know, we're throwing money at this. Why isn't working? And it's like literally nobody wants this, but you're trying to position it in this way. Here's how people are actually searching for it, etc. Um, one thing I just want to leave the audience with when you're talking about tenants, like what you're you're basically describing is like separated Microsoft accounts that you're then putting multiple domains on. And from my understanding, a tenant, it's like they allow it's like a certain amount of domains out of the box. And I imagine Hyperide has like a larger volume that they can do. Could you dive a little bit deeper into that just to kind of describe what a tenant is? Yeah. Yeah. So tenant is basically Yeah. just where you host the domains inside of Microsoft. So whenever you go create a Microsoft account, it creates like think of it as like a like an admin portal to manage all the users inside of that workspace. That's pretty much what tenant is. And you know, you can put as many ten or domains as you want in the tenant, but like they definitely look at that a little bit differently. And um like Microsoft specifically, they have what is called a tenant threshold issue or tenant threshold error. Basically, it's like whenever you send too much volume out of one workspace, they just completely disable all outgoing emails from that tenant. And so, like that's why you kind of don't want to be in like you you want to make sure like one domain per tenant is like the policy that you have when it comes to creating your infra. And that's kind of what Hypertight does is like they spin up a new tenant for every single one of your orders. Not customers, not clients. like every new domain that you purchase is home to a no tenant. And that's that's the key and that's why like I'm not a big fan of a lot of the resellers in the market cuz they just group you in with all their other customers. You know, there's so much risk that there's no installation for the domain, right? I mean, you know, a good way to think about this or a different way to think about this is like in traditional uh like email newsletter space, right? Like your ESP is basically putting you into a bundle of people and if you nuke that IP that you're sending from. So if you send a bunch of spam from it, everybody gets negatively affected by that spam that's being sent, right? Yeah. And that it's like, you know, if anyone really wanted to, so like like let's say there's like a Microsoft reseller, right? Microsoft in their headers, they'll put the tenant or organization ID number in there. So that's like what's everyone in that that that tenant has. And it's like if they really wanted to, they could just like go report it and and go like put it out there. And it's like then all the users in that tenant just completely go down. And so it's just like there's just a lot more risk to it. I think like if you're running a cold email agency like you know it's not the smartest decision to be using a reseller for like your overall infra like you do need to have it separated. That's that's just it's just going to put a lot more you're just going to be at a lot less risk when you do that. And and it's literally why we do it. No, it makes sense. So t talk to me about cost too. I think I'm curious that uh like here how you guys are thinking about it like what so you're trying to send we'll just throw out a number 10,000 cold emails a month like what does that look like to for a company to actually do that from an inforcost standpoint um just you know not even colluding you know sourcing the leads etc. I think for the audience again that are is uninitiated to this game, they'll be curious to know like what what does this look like and then what I I think that it's a kind of a perfect segue into the types of companies that this makes sense for like what does the offer look like? What does the price tag look like? What does the customer lifetime value look like? So, I'd be curious to talk through that. Yeah. So, to send 10,000 emails a month, it really doesn't cost as much. It's it's definitely way more expensive than it was back in the day. I believe um with Google and uh Azour accounts that Hypertype uh provides I believe it comes out to be it's either 99 or 197 I can't remember per month and like that's not bad to send 10,000 emails like if you have a good offer like that works really well and it's like segmented wealth between Google and Microsoft. So yeah I think that's that's the the the way forward. Um, what I would recommend though before like investing in something like hypertide cuz like you know if you haven't validated cold email as a good channel and like meaning that you you can't get like replies and you can't get like you know appointments and sales booked through just like a regular Google Workspace account. Do not invest in some crazy setup. Like that's I I see that so often like so many people will invest with a Legion agency before they've even validated that like this channel works, you know? And so like that's the biggest thing. just validate it works from like your literal email account that you use. Do it at a much smaller scale so you don't burn your domain. five a day. I'm just like look at your data over a month and see what that look. I mean I mean you can with one domain I personally if I was you know starting out I would buy like a burner domain that's separate from my core and I would go spin up like four to five inboxes send like you know five to 10 emails cold from that per day and it could just be like a Google inbox or a Microsoft inbox and you're with that you're going to validate it within a month then you could talk about the scaling component but 100%. So no I I 100% agree. Yeah. I think it's like it's the the easiest way to test and validate. And then like and I I think this is like across like any kind of agency vendor. It's just like I I really don't get the thought process of why someone wouldn't test and validate before they invest because it's just like your chance of success is so much higher when you just validate it a little bit. So it's like before you this is coming from a cold email agency like before you hire someone like us like just validate that your offer works. Because if you do that and you come to the cold email agency and you say hey look I've seen that this works. this is what I said and this is how I positioned it, dude. They'll be able to use all this technical geniuses to go, you know, scale it and make it way better. Um, and that's the hardest part of this, you know, I think that people nobody talks about is like the actual positioning of the thing, like how are you actually selling it within the email. Um, so that's that's great. Talk to me about uh the companies that this is working for right now and also like the companies this isn't working for. like who you know who are the types or what are the company what's the company biology that is like churning from you guys that this doesn't make sense and then uh I think also just like from that I'm curious to learn the um the actual like templates that you're using from formats that are that is working for you guys right now on the cold email side. Yeah. So I think like customers like just general over overarching like things that I've seen, right? So it's like you know if you have a a high LTV like let's say and let's just say LTV above like 5,000 like you know getting cold email running is is a is a super viable channel like your CAC is still going to be probably in that 3 one um even if you outsource it. So like that's that's great to see. Um, what I would also say is that you want to have some kind of good outbound sales motion built out or at least validated in some extent because like if you just think that like, oh, I could just get these like cool email pause replies and just toss them to the sales guy that's been working, you know, inbound Facebook leads all day, like it's probably not going to work out that well. So like you know you need to have some kind of process where it's like okay you get a completely cold person you got pause and reply so you got some level of intent and now you're going to figure out how to like nurture that person before they get on the call and then post after getting on a call like your sales cycle is going to be a lot longer than like a Facebook lead or something organic and stuff and you just got to have the mechanisms in place with your CRM to be able to nurture and work those kind of people. Um otherwise you're just going to like generate a ton of top of funnel and then just never see anything kind of go through. So that's like some of the things I'd kind of consider. Um, but you know, the other thing I would say is like it's hard to say what offers work and which ones don't because like I think it's all a matter of time. Like one thing that's not working right now is like any kind of like marketing service for e-commerce and I you know everyone says this but it's legitimately a thing like you know even and here's a caveat right like if you've worked with some of the top brands like Gym Shark or um Athletic Greens and you're able to mention that on the copy like you'll probably get good results right and and there will be someone that's interested and if you're giving something of value but if you're literally like a brand new Facebook ads ecom agency and you're literally just saying Hey, I can do your ads and get you some great rorowaz. Uh, you know, interested in speaking like you're not going to first of all ship sailed, my friend. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like everyone's going to you say this though cuz like this we're lit, you know, we're using cold for for landing cat outbound and like and dude it's I it's [ __ ] crazy like the respon like if the offer is unique enough people are super interested in it. But to your point, like if it's a commodity, this channel does not work if it's a commodity, right? It's the same thing for like people that do like like for us like when we do lead genen for agencies, like that offer is ran through to the agency market. So like whenever we run cold emails to agencies, the agent does terribly cuz they're getting, you know, 10 other messages just like that every single day. And so like that's what I mean by like, you know, just validate it a little bit. like do a little small test yourself and you'll kind of be able to see if like this offer stands out. The offers that do really well though are the ones that just people never think to sell via cold email, right? Yeah. So like uh funny enough like uh the one that So you give us a referral a couple days ago. Yeah. Today was the first day of the campaign launch. They have already had four leads that came in. I think he on our thing, you know, he's already booked one for Wednesday. So I'm like we can talk about it. Glenn will be stoked. It's this company called Robo3PL that I mean he invested like a [ __ ] ton of money. So, it's it's one of those things that's hard to go into. Basically, it's like a it's it's robot automation for uh um e-commerce fulfillment. And so, immediately when I saw it, I was like, dude, this is like every every ecom person I ever talked to is like, yeah, I hate my 3PL company. Like, I have I haven't been able to get a hold of somebody in like three weeks, right? Like, so anyways, it's amazing. That's like an example. It's just like there's not that many 3PLs out there that are sending cold emails trying to get new brands on board, right? So like I think that's a that's an easy one. Um there's just like so many like and I think I mentioned this last time we were speaking and it's still working to this day which is selling pallets of via like we haven't changed the script in so long and it's like we just don't have to worry at all. We have one other client and this is probably like our one of our most successful clients. the I honestly don't even know what they sell. And it's funny because like they make us send they won't let us write the copy. Funny enough, I'm okay with it because it works. It's literally a five paragraph email with tons of links and stuff in it. And they basically sell like it's one of those like coaching for coaches offer and interesting, dude. It prints it literally gets anywhere from like 100 to 150 plus leads a month. That's insane. It's it's it it just works, you And so, you know, there's just there's just certain offers that they solve such a big pain point for that market. It's like you could say whatever in that email and get immediate results. Um, yeah, I think it's just like the people that haven't validated their offer. I need to intro you to somebody. By the way, I just if that if that's working, it's another coaching for coaches thing. And anyway, I'll I'll I'll circle after this. I I can't say the name on the but um Okay. So, so it sounds like um with the I I mean the long form content that's crazy. I can't even believe that's working. We're trying to come in at like 160 charact, right? Oh, and and and like you know, basically they're on a mobile phone, tons of white space and like they're going to see it and respond immediately. And like typically that's what we see is like you know the majority of responses if they're if it's going to happen it's in the first 24 hours. Um% it's never over like 72 hours. So our our setup right now is like two email sequence. Um and it's like hitting them just like one after the other. I'm just trying to touch more people. You actually like taught me this and like ever since like you said that I was like of course man like this is just like this is the impressions game. I come from a you know a paid ads background like that's where I started kind of all this and also in the SEO side. It's just like how do I get in front of as many people as cheaply as I can? Yeah. And like with email for some reason we don't think about it that Like I've seen these sequences where it's like 10 emails over like a you know whatever a four-week period. That's [ __ ] insane. Like you're only you know whatever touching 2,000 people in comparison to being able to touch 50,000. So any other kind of tactical things or like you know thoughts on that that that that the audience should know about? Yeah. Yeah. And and I think the I've never seen this not to be true with our customers is like when we just send more volume and we make that our main KPI that they don't get more leads, you know, and so like you know I think there is like you should be worrying about optimization but I think that comes later like you got to validate that it works. You got to scale volume to get initial results and then you start figuring out how to optimize to be able to increase the level of results with reaching out to less people. That's that's the entire name of the game and that's the framework you want to think about when it comes to cold email. I think kind of touching back on like bad offers, people that have bad offers from the get-go and then not even bad offers, just like generic offers from the get-go, you need to figure out how you can stand out in the person's inbox, right? And the the easy solution is be creative and think about like, you know, cheesy openers to use in the cold email. Like we ran this on Thanksgiving. We we're like basically saying like, "Hey, first name. I know um that you're probably eating like Thanksgiving dinner, so don't want to stuff up your inbox. Something like that. Like it's just it's stupid cheesy, right? But it does well. Um and then there's like just a whole bunch of different like, you know, I know your your inbox is busier than a bees nest, things like that. Like it sounds so stupid, but like when you're selling generic offers in practice, yeah, it just gets it to stand out. Um so I think that's like a big one to kind of think about. And then the other there's a strategy and sorry just to interject but there's a strategy in like graphic design or like ad design right where it's like hey I'm trying to make this a thing that looks as foreign as possible to like like if somebody's scrolling through their feed right and they see 10 ads that look exactly the same in the row and then they see one that looks way different. So, say you're selling um you know, we'll say like uh peptides, right? Or or uh collagen, right? All of the DTOC brands, it's like same pastel color palette. They're using like this like gnarly, you know, Sarah font that's like unreadable and then it's like very trendy LA New York fashion. If you have an ad that looks like it was written on an Apple note and it that is all it is, it's not a video and all the other ones are videos, like what you'll find is like that one will perform better. And of course, it's the same thing here, right? It's like whatever people are doing uh within your space, do the opposite of that and you're going to you're going to stick out, right? Like people are constantly looking for this thing that that is uh you know the the uh the outlier within a within a group. They're going to if everything's red and they see a blue dot, they're going to be like why is that blue? Right? So it's the same same idea. But anyway, I just wanted to throw that out there that kind of s you know connect that those dots together because I think it's fascinating. The the other thing there too is like, you know, if you can't think about, you know, how to be cheesy and like stand out in the inbox or you just feel like that's like outside of like your tone and you don't want to do that cuz you know, reputation risk if you think that's a thing when it comes to cold emails. By the way, nobody nobody remembers a cold email they got literally in the morning. So, it's like there's no such thing as brand or reputation risk when it comes to a cold email. Like that that makes no sense. But anyways, the other thing you could do is just figure out how can I personalize his cold email uh beyond what normal people do, which is his first name, last name, company name, and title. Um, and so one thing we actually did recently was we uh paid uh what's two of my friends, Enzo and Eric, really good clay clay creator type guys, and we just took a lot of their strategies that they use and we're we're embedding it for our agency. But it's like there's just so many creative things you could say to open up the cold email. It's like uh uh one of my favorites that we've been doing for a while is like hey first name uh I wasn't sure if I should reach out to you or and then you can input another employee in their department or you know the co-founder whatever it is. You can grab that data really easily using Clay and so then they're like oh [ __ ] like this guy researched my company and knows my co-founder. Oh that's pretty cool. Or you could like look at, you know, in that role if they were promoted in the last six months like and then be able to mention that in that cool email like hey first name just saw that you recently got promoted at company name. I'm sure that service is on your radar something like that. And then you could even see like is this their first time in that role. So you know first-time founders for example, hey first name I noticed that you're first- time founder so I'm sure finances are on your radar. That one I believe Eric came up with but that's a banger right there. like that stuff really stands out cuz they're like, "Oh, like this guy looked at my LinkedIn and came up to that conclusion like, you know, let's absolutely rip." And then there's other ones that are just like they're they're stupid, but they work. You know, it's like mentioning a restaurant that's local to their city. Like that has always worked for us, mentioning the local sports team or one of my favorites is like looking at someone's LinkedIn and then grabbing their recommend like whoever recommended them in the recommendation section. So, like if you go look at my my LinkedIn, I think uh one of my friends, Jeremy Showler, he he gave me a recommendation. So, it's like, you know, if the email is coming to me, it'd be like uh and we put this in the PS because it doesn't really have to do with the body of the email. We'll say like, "PS, love the recommendation that Jeremy Shallow gave you on LinkedIn. Super impressive." Like, I'm going to read that email and be like, "Oh, this guy knows Jeremy. Like, what's going on here?" You know? And so, like there's just like so many of those like simple personalization like things you could do that scale really well. And whenever you're selling a a ton. It can be like one social proof thing that looks like, oh, there was there was some research that happened before this this was sent, right? Um I cuz I see this all the time where people like they like scrape the LinkedIn post of the person and they like mention some obscure thing, you know, AB AI mentioned some obscure thing that was posted like two weeks ago or whatever and that that's not going to provide any value, right? Like it's going to be that that small touch that's a signal that's like, oh, somebody would have to get into this. Um, so the the funny thing is is like those AI emails where people just like go overboard with using Clay, they're so obvious. Like if I go in my inbox, I could tell you the the three to four emails that I'm getting that are from somebody that's using Clay and it's just like it's so over the top and and and you know, like I think it's an overkill. I think like the best use of AI in like a really cold email is having it do research and coming up with specific variables versus coming up with like the full email or like a full sentence. Like just literally get it to figure out this one specific variable and then create the rest of the sentence. So like you know for example one thing I've seen people do is like they'll grab the case study name off of a company's website using like cool agent which is great right but then they take it a next step which is like get the AI to write something nice about the case study and it's like then you know depending on what people have on their website about the case study it might just come up with some absolute junk and it's so hard to be able to like validate that it did its job perfectly across a lead list of 5,000 other people. And so it's like I would rather say, "Hey, love the work you did for case study name versus saying, "Love the work you did for case study name. The CRO strategy that you implemented that increased their revenue by 142% was incredible." Like, which one is guaranteed to sound more like AI? You know, it's it's always the latter. And so, um, I I think that's the one thing people got to be careful about is like don't overdo it with the AI. like try to keep it short and simple, but definitely use the AI to like make the email way more snappy and build out these variables that you just couldn't get from a database. I I totally and I I I think to piggyback off of this too is like you don't have to use AI to like get responses, right? Like currently with what we're sending that's working, it's just like a painoint that everybody has. Like rorowaz is going up. Does this suck? And they're like yes it does suck. Like everywhere they're seeing that increase. So you can just talk to that generic painoint for the industry and then come back with again the social proof and that offer and it will work. So anyway, um what am I not asking you that I should be about this whole space? I actually um the other thing sorry I I totally just remember this the So I know you're cold calling now too like they open email like you're cold calling immediately. Talk to me about that. I I I I I saw that it's ripping. I want I want to hear how it's working for you guys. Yeah, cold calling is ripping and and you know if it didn't require such like or like require hiring a ton of people to like scale, I would love to make this a service because and and to kind of give everyone like a little bit background, right? My friend, he went to PA school for 6 years. He's a, you know, licensed physicians assistant. That's like number two behind the doctor. They uh and and he just moved back to Dallas and he's currently in the waiting process of getting his job at a hospital. And so he's like, "Hey dude, like anything I can do for you?" I'm like, "Dude, you want to you want to run some cold calls for me? I have no idea what I'm doing, but hey, let's figure this out together." And he's my boy. Like, you know, I've grown up with him. And funny enough, he'll literally be like upstairs cold calling. And dude, we just learned it ourselves. And it is probably one of the best things I've learned in the last 3 months. And it is like cold calling is going to make a comeback like cold email did whenever instantly and smart lead came out. Same thing, right? like we're basically just so we'll grab a list from Apollo. We'll use lead magic to get the phone numbers. We'll put it into a tool called salesfinity. Salesfinity in my opinion is the best parallel dialer. And it it's it's literally like what instantly and smart lead was whenever they first came out. And it we know we just input all the numbers in there and it's calling three to four people at a time and we're just sitting there waiting and we're sitting there waiting for someone to finally pick up. We give them kind of like a cheesy opener like our opener that's been working really well and getting us to have the conversation is like um you know oh what do we say this is oh we literally go hey this is a cold call um can you give me 30 seconds uh or you can tell me to kick rocks sound good and then very rarely is anyone ever saying hey go kick rocks they're like all right that's a good opener let me hear this out and we say something along the lines of that I can't remember the exact script but like that one works so well we tested that so hard and then you're able to go straight into your pitch see if they're interested and what not. And and here's the crazy thing, right? Like he doesn't know a lick of B2B sales, right? I I taught him everything I could, possibly seven days, and just got him on the phones. And this last month, he booked 46 appointments. And it's not like he's all [ __ ] cold calling for me cuz he has a lot of other better things to do, right? And this is part time. Crazy, you know? It's like there's And then like salesf has this really cool thing and we picked up this more than a call per business day or more than a book lead per business day. That's insane, dude. and he's had a he's had a higher month the month before we were running cold emails in tangent to it. So it was like a whole you know you know the cold email side but this other thing that salesfinity does that I think is super brilliant is they integrate with smart lead instantly. So you could basically set up an automation where you know if someone doesn't pick up they get an automated voicemail right and the automated voicemail what you want to say is something on the lines of like hey um you know thought I would give you a ring my name is Nick I'm from Leadbird we do you know lead genen on performance basis paid for the lead whatever whatever I just sent you an email the subject line has purple monkey in it and it has more information if you're interested we could you know just chat there and and find a time to speak and so then it automatically adds in them into a smart campaign, they get an email that says purple monkey. They're probably reading their inbox like, "What the hell?" And that email should always open up saying, "Hey, I just gave you a call and left you a voicemail and we just wanted to provide some more information on us." And then just like, you know, put some more information there. Don't like link anything cuz it's still kind of like a cold email. And that and I didn't come up with that strategy. That strategy came from uh my friend Robbie. And that thing prints that thing works so good. And it's like a full cycle kind of setup because it's like cold call, automated voicemail, email. And that right there, dude, that's a money printer. And like it doesn't take much time to do like I'm sure you could go hire a caller out of South Africa that has a pretty good English. You know, you're going to be paying roughly about 2 to 2500 bucks a month. Salesfinity number all in paying 3K a month. like after a three-w weekek ramp period, like you're guaranteed to book a minimum of 50 bucks a month or 50 appointments a month. And so it's like your cost per appointment when you're allin cost to run that system is like 3,000. Like pretty good solution system 100%. Two things for you. Uh have you heard of voice drop AI yet? Uh I I've seen a lot of tools like that. You know what's funny? Like we used to use a tool like that way back in the day. I love it. log. I don't full disclosure I don't this is a gray area within like the FTC. So I don't know how legal this is. I know this company exists. I have a friend that did this uh in the real estate space and absolutely printed for them. So they like would cold call them and then send them direct mail using like a lob or like one of these APIs huge like massive you know like um postcards that would obnoxiously big right? it would be the biggest thing that's in the in the like the mailbox when you pulled it out. But I that combo together worked just like stupid well um for the audience voice basically it go it's a it's a ringless voicemail uh sender and then it's AI voice but you can basically have it like your voice it modifies it and then uh talks specifically about their company or whatever and like whatever the offer is. So um other thing that I thought that uh you might find interesting I just saw this data. So, I have a buddy who's in um uh like traditional media. I don't know what else to call it. Like imagine billboards and that type of thing. Um but he just told me that TV like so many advert advertisers have moved from TV to social that TV now is like cheap enough where it's becoming cost effective again. So they're like, "Yo, yeah, like with these smart TVs in particular, they can get like really good data on like, yo, this is a 25year-old male in this specific zip code that has this uh like typical uh like economic level, right? Um and uh you can run ads to them like midstream on, you know, Hulu as an example and you know, have it be with some offer that's super specific. So I mean what I saw was he's like, "Yo, we're getting like $1 CPMs there, which is like unheard of. Like that's like some of the cheapest media that you could buy literally anywhere right now. So random stuff that I just thought, you know, would be fascinating for you. So I actually just heard about that on the My First Billion podcast, right? And Oh, no way. You were literally talking about that today morning where he No way. It's the Ridge Founder. I can't remember his name, but he was talking about, you know, gangster. And I was literally sitting there thinking like, would I be dumb to run ads for a Legion agency on on TVs? like I mean in certain areas it's like maybe it makes sense where it's like oh in Austin in uh you know like SF Bay Area and and you could probably hit the here's the demographic of you know who the type of person that's most likely to actually purchase this. But I feel like the the postcard thing could rip for you guys. Um, and like have it be some obnoxious thing where it's like I again though I say all this and then simultaneously I'm like for every service business that has like a higher ticket price like the best thing they can do is literally a podcast cuz you're just selling people at scale every week. So anyway, which is literally exactly what we're doing, right? But yeah, um, man, what what am I not asking you that I should be? And like what what are the things that you're thinking about that are I guess like on the front lines like the the stuff that's coming down the line like you know, stuff you're afraid of, stuff you're excited about, etc. Yeah. So, I think like the the one thing that I've been seeing like everyone in like the the communities and stuff speak about is like like warm-up pools and and how they're kind of like affecting people's like deliverability and things of that sort. So, for for everyone listening, like a warm-up pool is basically like where you can add your email account and then it automatically goes and engages with other people's email accounts that are in that same pool. And it's just a way to warm it up. Uh just build some interactions before you actually start sending. And the thing is is that like, you know, Smart Lead Instantly, they have some of the biggest I mean, they do have the biggest warm-up pools in the world, right? There's like literally millions of email accounts inside their warm-up pool. And, you know, there's just a whole bunch of things that they can't control from their end. um that caused the warm-up pool to kind of like not be the greatest. And so like you know like let's say Cody, you have your Google Workspace account and you're like you know what I'm going to just cancel my account and you cancel it but then you don't remove it from my smart leader instantly and my email account is yours. It's going to give a soft bounce and there's other situations where it can give you a hard bounce if you didn't set up your email account correctly. And so like you know obviously those are not great signs whenever your email account is bouncing in any fashion warm a poll or in a campaign. And so like that does cause a lot of issues but it's not as big as everyone makes it out to seem. Like people are out here like like this is basically what happens, right? Like Smartle has been the talk of the town for the last like four or five months or not five months like the last like two three years and everyone has just migrated to Smartly and they're on Smartly and that means the really good senders and also the really bad senders, right? And then you know the bad senders, they don't set up their inboxes correctly. you know, they, you know, add a whole bunch of SMTP inboxes inside the warm-up pool and it it just makes it seem like it's falling apart when in reality it's not, right? And so now everyone's like, "Oh, like we need to switch over to Instantly. They have a cleaner warm-up pool." And what's going to happen is in the next four or five months once all these bad senders start thinking that, oh, the reason my campaigns aren't working is because of smart lead, so I need to switch to instantly. And they go to instantly, you're going to have the same issues there. And so I think like a lot of people are panicking for no reason. Like I've never seen someone's campaign results be bad because of the actual sequencer. It's always, you know, the infra they set up is bad, the copy that they're sending to is bad or the offer just isn't validated. Like it's it's hard like the last thing I would ever blame is a sequencer. It's usually always the infra or the offer or the lead list. And so like I think it's more of an operator issue versus like a sequencer issue. And so I think that's like something that you'll just constantly see like people just constantly saying this platform has an edge, this platform doesn't when in reality none of it's true. I I mean it's it's kind of fascinating. It feels like this space is like I mean even just with sending like what types of offers work well is if it's saturated it doesn't work. Like if the tools you know if there's bad senders on the the uh you know on smart lead then it doesn't work right. So, it's almost like you're kind of always looking for I imagine that next thing whether it's an infra thing or you know or a um uh like how how you're actually emailing like what is the content within it? Something I saw recently and I'm just like it's all I think about now is how do I make this not look like spam? It sounds like so stupid but like what would a real email look like? Like it's a very simple idea, but I think that you know a lot of the times like and I've even done this in the past too where I've written something where I'm like dude this isn't real like this is not how I would e email somebody right whatsoever. Um you know 22 I think like the entire email landscape cuz I mean there's just so many new like I like like I call my cold email influenc influencers. People will consider me one of them as well because I post cold email content. like we've all just collectively posted what are the better copywriting frameworks and so everyone's just naturally gotten better at cold email and you you'll see less like you know 10 paragraph emails I mean obviously you still get some here and there and you obviously you still get some really bad cold emails but overall like cold email has gotten better right people have gotten better at cold emailing specifically with the accessibility of these tools and now everyone kind of uses the same frameworks when it comes to to copyrightiting and that's why I think like using some of these cheesy openers and like what you're saying, which is like making it not look like every other cool email plays such a huge role. Um, and I I think like that's going to be what really separates in the next 6 months, 6 to 12 months, is like how can we not make this look like every other cold email. Um, and so yeah, if you can kind of like just be creative with how you go about copyrightiting and making and structuring these emails, like you just have a much better chance of standing out. 100%. Nick, every time I talk to you, I'm like, "Fuck, I need to go faster with this." So, thank you as always, man, for coming on. Um, if people want to reach out to you, where can they find you? Where's the best places? Yeah, just look me up, Nick Abraham on. We just started posting on Reddit, funny enough. Uh, yeah. Yeah, dude. They're coming at my next cuz I haven't posted on Reddit ever. And they were like, "Who's this guy?" You know, dude, it's savage there, man. The only way I've seen it work is like huge value and then it's like one CTA at the bottom that's like, "Oh, if you want this." Yeah. The point thing is we're not even putting a CTA anywhere there, right? Unreal. We're just literally taking our content from like LinkedIn and putting it over there and we're giving like some crazy hate. Like I'm talking like people are just commenting at me inside the comments like this guy's a a grifter and stuff and I'm like, "Dude, I've been posting this content for four and a half years. What are you talking about?" Crazy, man. It's crazy. I It's so funny to me with all of this. It's like I get this all the time too where they're like, "Oh, that will never work." Like, "That's bullshit." And I'm like, "Yeah, dude. I don't have an opinion. Like, this is just what we're seeing. Like, we're seeing AI avatar ads perform better than like, you know, traditional UGC creators. I don't know why. I don't know why it's working. I don't really care. It's just the CPC is 50% cheaper. So, of course, I'm going to do that." And it's for some reason, it's just like people get hung up on like the process rather than the outcome. Like, all I want is the outcome. I don't care. Like I make [ __ ] look pretty because it makes sales go higher. You know, like I was just talking to this dude and he's like, "Oh, well like you know if it doesn't look good, it doesn't work." I'm like that that's not the case at all. Like all the time like and so anyway, I we get on a [ __ ] soap box and talk about this for hours, but we we'll leave it there. Thank you again, man. I appreciate it. We'll include all the links below. And please, if you need cold email, go go go to Nick. I refer them clients and again, they just rip. So, if you want uh if you're if you're a founder, you need to need to talk to them if you have an offer that's a higher, you know, higher customer, lifetime value, higher ticket. So, cheers, man. Thank you again. Absolutely. Thanks for having me on.